In this video, we will go over the steps that you need to
follow in order to complete your Capstone project.
Step 1 is to identify the project you want to build.
We recommend keeping the functionality as simple as possible
to start with so that the project doesn't become too big to complete.
Note that it is fine to reuse code from
any of the courses in the Nanodegree as a starting point,
and you're also welcome to use the Snake game sample code to
extend with additional features or to build an entirely different game.
Step 2 is to scope the project.
You should sketch an outline of how you think your application will work,
and then have a look at the rubric.
You want to ensure that your application will satisfy
all the criteria for the "README" and "Compiling and Testing" sections,
and you also want to ensure that the application will satisfy
at least five total criteria from the rest of the rubric.
Not all rubric items need to be satisfied in order to pass this project.
You're free to choose the rubric items that you want to focus on.
Step 3, and this part should be fairly self-explanatory,
is to build your application.
Hopefully, this part will be the most fun.
Step 4 is to document your work.
You'll need to write a short "README" indicating which project option you chose.
The "README" should also include instructions for running the project,
an overview of your code structure,
and an explanation of how your submission satisfies the necessary rubric items.
Your "README" can be submitted as a markdown file or a PDF file.
If you plan on putting your project up on GitHub,
it's probably a good idea to make the "README" as a markdown file.
Since then, that can be displayed on your repo homepage.